
-> we have two types of functions, query functions that returns
   some kind of value, and command functions that carry out a task.

 In this case, what kind of function do you think

SendStatementEmails is? Is it a query function or

is it a command function? Well it's a command function, that is also

returning some value, a boolean, right? But its main

task is to perform some action, and that is

saving the statement and emailing it to the housekeeper.

So, to test the outcome of this method, we should have

1 or. more unit tests for the value it returns, maybe

in some conditions it returns true, in other conditions it returns

false. Also, because it's a command function

we should make sure that this method carries out the

tasks it's supposed to do. So in this case, we should have

a bunch of interaction tests to make sure that this

object, this housekeeper helper object, talks to

other objects like statementGenerator, and emailSender

properly. So interaction tests. Now, it's easier

to start with state-based tests. So we want to write

unit tests to make sure that this unit test returns the right

value. Now look at this implementation, the only way to

exit this method is here, return true.

So no matter what, this method is always returning true

there is nowhere in this code, where we are returning

false. So there is really no value for writing such unit tests.

And this makes me think this method would be better to

define as void.


-------------------> An Alternative Solution <-----------------------

In the last lecture, I argued that the return type of this method should be void because it always returns true.

Later, however, I realized that it would actually be better to keep the return type as boolean and 
write a unit test for the scenario where the download fails. 
In that test, we assert that the method under test should return false.

Obviously, this test will fail because the method under test always returns true. 
This is an indication of a bug in the production code and our unit test helps us find it.

This is another case where you should think of your methods as block boxes when unit testing them.
Don’t write tests based on the existing implementation because the exiting implementation may be incomplete and/or have a bug.
Treat the method under test as a black box, give it different inputs and verify that the outcome is correct. 